My friends and I love to player Super Smash bros. on the switch, and often even put money on our sets. However, playing our mains (the charachter someone is most comfortable with) in every set gets old eventually. There is also a random option in super smash bros, but because there are about 80 characters in the game, selecting 'random' is likely to give you a character that you don't have any experience with which can suck the fun out of the money match. 

This program is designed to be a happy medium between playing with your main, and playing as a random chracter. 
To start, the user will be given button option to choose between singles or doubles, individual or collective, and then will input a number in a textbox for the amount of picks each player gets. Let me explain what each of these optioins means:

-Singles/Doubles: 
Singles is a 1v1 match, while doubles is a 2v2 match.

-Individulal/Collective: 
In invidual pools, each player drafts characters into his own personal pool, and is randomly assigned a character from his own pool.
In collective, each player's chracter selections go into a single large pool, and everyone is randomly assigned a character from that pool. In other words, you will often have to play a character that another player drafted into the pool. This mode will be frustrating for some but will really test your skill with various characters that your opponent(s) wants to draft.

-Number of picks:
This is simply the number of characters that each player will add to the pool, whether that is his personal pool, or the collective one. 

After these options are selected, we move to the draft screen, where each player takes turns selecting the number of characters that they inputed in the 'picks' textbox.

Next, each player is randomly assigned a character from the appropriate pool (his personal pool, or the collective pool, depending on the option selected). The screen will display this information so each player knows his/her assignemnt. At the bottom of this screen there will be a "Next Game" button. Clicking this button simply rerandomizes each player's assignment, and then displays the new information. 

This program will be completed using Kivy for the GUI.

