Problem Solving

1. The Problem:
Create a program where players are given a random character from a pool that 
either he, or all players involved have created. The program allows the user
to decide how many characters this list will consist of, and then they choose
once character at a time to add (or remove, in banning mode) to that list.

2. The Model:
Classes will be created for Set, Player, Team, and Character.

Each Set instance will have a list of either 2 players (for singles) or 2 teams
(for doubles). It will also have a mode attribute (singles or doubles), a 
selection type attribute (draft or bans), and a picks attribute (int). These 3
will all be given as parameters based on what the user selects. 

Each player instance will have a name given as a parameter, and also a 'pool'
list which will hold each of their selected characters. There will also be a 
'collective_pool' list which will be included as a class attribute for the 
Player class. 

Each Team instance will include a list of the 2 players on that
team. 

Each Character instance will include both the character's name, and an
image of the character, both given as parameters. 

The user selects doubles or singles, draft or bans, and then lists the names of
each player, and then the selections begin. The selected character will be
added to the respective player's list, as well as the collective list. Finally,
the user selects collective, or individual pools, and then the players are 
assigned a character from the respective list at random. 

3. The Algorithm: 
Character instances are made before hand:
ganondorf = Character("Ganondorf", "ganondofr.png)

The user will select the mode, selection type, and selection count. Then a Set
instances is created:
 current_set = Set(mode, selection, count)

The user lists players names and they are created
player1 = Player("Bob")
player2 = Player("Fred")

The players take turns selecting characters to add or remove from their lists:
player1.pool.append(wolf)
Players.collective_pool.append(wolf)
player2.pool.append(lucina)
Players.collective_pool.append(lucina)

Each player is assigned a character at random from his (or the collective) list:
print(f"{player1.name}: {wolf}
print(f"{player2.name}: {lucina}

The user is given the option to reassign randomly, to start the draft over, switch
selection type, or exit the program.



